Implement prettier, update some docs, tweak some tags here and there (#64)
techworkersco/twc-site-nl: docs/contributing.md

> # 🤝 Contributing

Author: Fairly large rewrite here. Most of contributing-hugo.md is moved here.,

Reviewer: Thanks so much for the rewrite! :D

Thank YOU for even considering contributing 💖

## Adding content (events/resources/etc)

Content can be added in two different ways:

1. Via the admin site: https://techwerkers.nl/admin
1. Running `decap-server` locally (see heading below) and commiting the changes instead.

> [!INFO]
> The admin site will only be accessible to those that have access to the netlify admin. You can ask for access in our
> slack channel.

### Content Guidelines

General writing guidelines:

> - Use as little jargon as possible and/or make sure to define it where necessary. We want as many people to be able to
>   understand the content as possible.

Reviewer: Completely on board with the point! Though maybe could also consider swapping it to the positive ('use plain language') which maybe sounds more constructive? Maybe smth like:

```suggestion
- Use plain language wherever you can. We want as many people to be able to
  understand the content as possible.
```

Author: oooo I like how you phrased this. This is one of those linguistic hacks I am going to borrow. Instead of "less X", "more Y"  :sweat_smile:

- Expand acronyms on first use. For example, "Tech Workers Coalition (TWC)"
- Use inclusive language

**Internationalization** - We want to have our site in at least Dutch and English. If you are unable to provide one or the

> other, please write in the language you can, and ask for translation help in the slack channel.

Reviewer: just to make it explicit:

```suggestion
other, please write in the language you can, and ask for translation help in the `#local-netherlands` Tech Workers Coalition Slack channel.
```

### Running `decap-server`

Run both of the following

```sh
hugo server
npx decap-server
```

> Then open https://localhost:1313/admin in your browser to see the Decap CMS. Any new content/changes will be saved to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then open https://localhost:1313/admin in your browser to see the Decap CMS. Any new content or changes will be saved to
```
(personal preference for editing out `/` 🙂 )

disk, so you can commit and make a PR as per normal.

## Developing the site

### Pre-requisites

You will need to have [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/) installed first.

Also, we use prettier for formatting.

```sh

> npm i  # if you haven't already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i  # Install, if you haven't already
```
Maybe to make this explicit?

npx prettier --write .
```

We have a workflow that will check for prettier things, so please make sure you run before submitting a PR.

### [Re-]Initializing the site

> [!INFO]
> This only needs to be done if you need to generate a `go.mod`. If it already exists you can ignore this.

```shell
hugo mod init github.com/techworkersco/twc-site-nl
```

> And for good measure:

Reviewer: Suggestion to explicate what it does :) 

```suggestion
And for good measure, to remove unused entries:
```

```
hugo mod tidy
```

> ### Developing/Running etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Developing or running the site
```
I think this captures the point? (Just tidying)
